Dolog rettelser (#27)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/basic-theory.tex

\section{Basic Theory}
When dealing with systems with a lot of users and a lot of content it causes information overload.
Information overload can be minimized through recommender systems.
There are broadly speaking two approaches to recommender systems which are content-based filtering and collaborative filtering.
Content-based filtering takes recommending items that are similar to items that the user has liked before into account.
Collaborative filtering on the other hand uses both relationship between users and the inter dependencies among items to provide recommendations \cite{Matrix-factorization-techniques}.
This means that collaborative filtering recommends an item to a user based on a similar user.

> Collaborative filtering does often only utilizes users and their rated item, but it can still recommend item that are difficult to profile using content-based filtering \cite{Matrix-factorization-techniques}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collaborative filtering does often only utilize users and their rated item, but it can still recommend items that are difficult to profile using content-based filtering \cite{Matrix-factorization-techniques}.
```
